bubonic money and the other one turned
out to be twin was so evil I know
because it's the dumbest idea I've ever
heard
oh yeah I'd rather listen to nothing
than you you're boring stories fine I
won't say another word fine would you
like to radio you must have turned it on
when you leave against the sounds
another installment of kit Carter the
crooning cowboy and his sidekick Mistral
when we last left kid Carter and mr. ol
they'd been chasing the burlap brothers
for weeks but the trail had gone cold
which white sugar which way Why ask him
he's the horse he can't talk back let's
head for that town
[Music]
five it's that meddling kick Carter and
his sidekick Mistral oh founders why
don't we do a Miramar Zuzu if they catch
us we're gonna have to stop crab and
fight it given you ten percent
don't worry burlap brothers I have a
plan that'll get rid of that crooning
cowboy forever
this here Tonica man is guaranteed to
cure all your ills or my name isn't
dusty buckets gonna make under go away
well of course it can provide did you
take it regular lock with meals forget
those fell taking tonics we know where
there's a mud chef full of gold did you
hear that go come on kit Carter one
nugget of gold that will eat like kings
from here hey hey go
it's just call painted to look like gold
[Music]
see listen ain't nothing to do now but
sin and bide our time
[Music]
we'll find way out
we just gotta keep our heads
it's very pretty to be thinking about
fashion I thinking about fashion mystery
this hat could help us find some tools
to dig our way out here and so kid
Carter and Mr Al walk deeper and deeper
into the abandoned mineshaft looking for
tools when all of a sudden they stumbled
upon the most amazing discovery ever
beheld by the naked eye
find out what they discovered on
tomorrow's exciting installment of kid
Carter the crooning cowboy and his
sidekick Mistral till then this is dick
stick and saying good night they could
have at least told us if they ever made
it out of the mine alive I'm sure they
found at least a pickaxe er wait a
minute maybe there are some tools in
here that could help us get out I'm not
going back there it's spooky well we do
have a flashlight kind of follow me
[Music]
are you two all right in there you're
awfully quiet
I'll go tell David how on earth did you
two get out of there
we found a screwdriver and some pliers
that's not all we found here sample
pineapples the cans are tin Arthur read
the fine print on the label happy
anniversary Oh dinner is served
don't forget to try the pineapple flambe
this is delicious this song's one of my
favorites I want it to be watching TV
with buster in fact we all wanted
something different but we were stuck
together as a family and turned out to
be one of the best nights of my life for
me perspective is realizing I'm part of
something larger like a family a town a
country a planet and even though we all
have our own plans sometimes it's just
good to be together
excellent Arthur you really gave that a
lot of thought Buster would you like to
go next
um can I go after lunch I kind of
replace my visual aid I've been dying to
know well first of all Bionic bunny and
dark bunny are get this brothers and
wait don't tell me where they separated
at Birth my evil witch
yeah and a robot how did you guess
[Music]